I want to address the theme,
young ones, you are loved by Jehovah and his organization.
Young ones, you are loved by Jehovah and his organization.
But now, when we say young ones, to whom are we referring?
As evidence of Jehovah's love,
some may immediately think of the animated series of videos
entitled Become Jehovah's Friend Feaching Featuring Caleb and Sophia.
And that has indeed been evidence of Jehovah's and the governing body's love for little children.
We have gotten hundreds of letters of appreciation for this series
from small children and their parents and even from grandparents.
But what about you teenagers?
You too are still young when compared to adulthood.
And you are appreciated very much when you show your respect and love for Jehovah.
Does the Bible indicate anything about Jesus' disposition as a teenager?
There are comments about him as an infant.
Also in the book of Luke, it describes Jesus as a child of 12 years old.
Let's look at that account and determine if it also includes any comments about Jesus' attitude as a teenager.
In Luke, chapter 2, verse 42,
it describes Jesus as a pre-teen in saying this.
Luke 2, 42,
and when he was 12 years old,
they went up according to the custom of the festival.
When the days of the festival were over and they were returning,
the boy Jesus remained behind in Jerusalem.
And his parents did not notice it.
So his parents went looking for him and finally found him three days later.
What was Jesus focused on as a 12-year-old?
He was sitting in the temple talking with the teachers about Jehovah.
Notice verse 47.
But all those listening to him were in constant amazement at his understanding and his answers.
What a good example for your children 12 years of age and younger to talk about Jehovah with confidence.
But what was Jesus' attitude like as a teenager?
Please follow along in verses 51 and 52.
Then he, Jesus, went down with them and returned to Nazareth and he continued subject to them.
That is to his parents.
How old was he?
12.
Well, what comes after 12?
13.
Notice verse 52.
And Jesus went on progressing.
You see, after 12, he went on progressing in wisdom and in physical growth and in favor with God and man.
Evidently, then, Jesus was an intelligent well-balanced teenager.
But who took note of his progress as a teen?
It said God and man.
Yes, godly children and teenagers are appreciated by Jehovah and by spiritual men.
Jehovah and his organization love all you young ones who are striving to do what is right.
But how do we know that Jehovah loves all of you?
Well, if you have your Bible, turn to Matthew chapter 19.
And here we say that Jesus showed his high regard for young ones.
So Matthew chapter 19, notice verses 13 and 14.
Then young children were brought to him, for him to place his hands on them and offer prayer.
But the disciples reprimanded them.
They did not want the young ones to bother Jesus.
But notice verse 14.
Jesus, however, said, let the young children alone.
And do not try to stop them from coming to me for the kingdom of the heavens belongs to such ones.
Yes, Jesus welcomed young ones.
And the Bible tells us that Jesus is the perfect reflection of Jehovah.
So Jesus was imitating Jehovah's love for young ones.
After many wise sayings and performing miracles,
Matthew chapter 21 describes Jesus riding into Jerusalem as Jehovah's anointed one.
Please notice the difference between some of the adult's reactions and that of appreciative young ones.
Matthew 21 and verse 15 tells us this.
When the chief priest and the scribe saw the marvelous things he did
and the boys who were shouting in the temple, save we pray the son of David.
They became indignant.
Who was boldly praising Jesus?
The scripture said that the boys were shouting out praise.
What a contrast those young ones were to the religious leaders who were irritated by all of this.
Young people, when you speak up about Jehovah and Jesus, they both take notice of you.
They are proud of your stand for the truth.
But how do you know that the governing body and the organization loves you?
Well, they have published many books and magazine articles specifically for young ones.
In addition to all of the printed material,
there are the become Jehovah's friend videos for children.
But you teenagers, have you been keeping up with all of the information specifically for you on jw.org?
There are dozens of printed articles on an array of subjects that interest those of your age.
In so many ways, Jehovah and his organization show their love and appreciation for all you dear young ones.
What can you young ones do in return?
You may say, I go to all the meetings and out in service.
Well, that is wonderful.
Some of you may have even joined the Theocratic ministry school already,
and you help clean and maintain the kingdom hall.
We warmly commend you for your good works.
But if you think about it, even more important is having a good personal relationship with Jehovah.
In Luke chapter 10, verse 27, it says,
You must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart and with your whole soul and with your whole strength and with your whole mind.
To love Jehovah with your whole heart means that you have a good personal relationship with him.
That involves more than just doing good things.
It involves praying to him about what is in your heart.
Tell him everything you love and whatever you fear.
You can tell Jehovah very personal things.
He is not going to tell anyone else.
But he can give you the strength and wisdom to handle matters for the best possible outcome.
Set up your own personal Bible study program in addition to family worship evening.
This is how Jehovah communicates back to you and your relationship with him will be strengthened.
You are the next generation of adults in Jehovah's organization.
We continue to need spiritually qualified ones to get Jehovah's work done.
A good relationship with Jehovah as a youth sets you up for the best way of life as a responsible adult.
Along the way though, you will face pressure from Satan's system that can test your faith.
But by loving Jehovah with your whole heart, you can get through any test you may encounter.
And I mean any test that you may encounter.